Update readme (#5)
Shopify/example-checkout--custom-field--react: README.md

# Shopify app example: custom field checkout extension

> This repo contains an example app that uses [checkout UI extensions](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/checkout-ui-extensions) to build custom checkout field using Node.js and React.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo contains an example app that uses [checkout UI extensions](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/checkout-ui-extensions) to build custom checkout field using Remix and React.
```

For more information, and for a walkthrough of this code, review our tutorial: review our tutorial: [Build a custom checkout field](https://shopify.dev/docs/apps/checkout/custom/field/build)

This example app is also available with a [Vanilla JavaScript extension](https://github.com/Shopify/example-checkout--custom-field--js).

## Running this app

> To run this app locally, clone the repository, and then follow our [Work on an existing app](https://shopify.dev/docs/apps/getting-started/existing) tutorial to install the project dependencies and preview the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this app locally, clone the repository, and then follow our [Work on an existing app](https://shopify.dev/docs/apps/tools/cli/existing) tutorial to install the project dependencies and preview the app.
```
